cody docs: make setup process for admins clearer (#53943)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/explanations/enabling_cody_enterprise.md

> NOTE: Cody uses one or more third-party LLM (Large Language Model) providers. Make sure you review the [Cody usage and privacy notice](https://about.sourcegraph.com/terms/cody-notice). In particular, code snippets will be sent to a third-party language model provider when you use the Cody extension or when embeddings are enabled.

This requires site-admin privileges.

1. First, configure your desired LLM provider:
    - Recommended: [Using Sourcegraph Cody Gateway](./cody_gateway.md#using-cody-gateway-in-sourcegraph-enterprise)
    - [Using a third-party LLM provider directly](#using-a-third-party-llm-provider-directly)
2. Go to **Site admin > Site configuration** (`/site-admin/configuration`) on your instance and set:

    ```json
    {
      // [...]
      "cody.enabled": true
    }
    ```

> 3. Setup a policy to automatically create embeddings for repositories: ["Configuring embeddings"](code_graph_context.md#configuring-embeddings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set up a policy to automatically create embeddings for repositories: ["Configuring embeddings"](code_graph_context.md#configuring-embeddings)
```

> Cody is now fully setup on your instance!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cody is now fully set up on your instance!
```
